	My name is Christopher Aron and I am from Fort Polk, Louisiana. My father was in the military, so we moved around a few times. Shortly after I was born, my dad was stationed in Germany and that is where we lived for about six years. After he retired from the army we moved to Opelika, Alabama, and this is where I have lived since about 2006. I graduated from Beulah High School in 2017 and I am currently attending Jacksonville State University. I am currently studying in the steps to receive my bachelor’s in sports management. I have some knowledge in coding using the languages Python and C++. I passed English 101 with a B and passed English 102 with an A. Both classes were composition classes, and they taught me how to be efficient in writing reports and essays with minimal errors and grammar mistakes. I earned certification in Microsoft office before I graduated high school. I worked in fast food for about two years. From April 2016 to June 2017 I worked at the seafood restaurant Captain D’s. I was very efficient in getting the food out in a timely manner, while making sure the food was cooked properly and thoroughly. I handled the cash register from time to time and greeted the customers with a smile on my face and a friendly attitude. Every now and then I would receive a tip for my politeness and how kindly they were treated. 	

	When viewing my works on this profile, you will notice how efficient my writing skills are. All three of these papers were more than likely written last minute, as is most of my work. This may be alarming to you, but I can reassure that this is just a plus. This shows that I can work well under pressure. I do not stress about deadlines because I know I will always get it turned in on time. I am very proficient on my own, but if I were to be put in as group project, I would still be efficient. I do work well with others, don’t get me wrong, but I would rather work on my own. My reasoning for saying that is because then I would not have to rely on anyone else having to do their part. If they were not to do their part then I would be left hurting because it is a team effort, and if one part of the team is lacking then we all get hurt. I am tech savvy. I know my ways around all Microsoft office applications and how to use them proficiently. As I previously mentioned, I am certified in Microsoft office, thus confirming my proficiency in Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. I also passed the introductory class to computer science, which focused on using those three applications. I do hope you find these reasonings interesting and acceptable for your workplace. If an interview is offered I will gladly take it and look forward to meeting you.  
